# Robin: A Novel Method to Produce Robust Interpreters for Deep Learning-Based Code Classifiers

We propose a novel post-hoc approach with local interpretation, named Robin, for producing robust interpreters for given deep learning-based code classifiers. The interpreters generated by Robin enable the identification of important features in input code examples that contribute significantly to accurate classifications, while also being robust against perturbations in the code examples. Our evaluation of Robin's effectiveness involved testing on two deep learning-based code classifiers: DL-CAIS for code authorship attribution and TBCNN for code functionality classification.

## Classifiers to be explained
- DL-CAIS: code authorship attribution

  > M. Abuhamad, T. AbuHmed, A. Mohaisen, and D. Nyang, “Large-scale and language-oblivious code authorship identification,” in Proceedings of the 2018 ACM SIGSAC Conference on Computer and Communications Security (CCS), Toronto, ON, Canada, 2018, pp. 101–114.

  We use a dataset from the Google Code Jam (GCJ), involving 1,632 C++ program files from 204 authors for 8 programming challenges. This dataset is different from the one used by Abuhamad et al., which is not available to us. You can download this dataset by this link: https://github.com/EQuiw/code-imitator.

- TBCNN: code functionality classification

  > L. Mou, G. Li, L. Zhang, T. Wang, and Z. Jin, “Convolutional neural networks over tree structures for programming language processing,” in Proceedings of the 30th AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence (AAAI), Phoenix, Arizona, USA, 2016, pp. 1287–1293.

  We use the dataset of pedagogical programming Open Judge (OJ) system, involving 52,000 C programs for 104 programming problems. This dataset is the same as the one used by Mou et al. because it is publicly available. You can download this dataset by this link: https://sites.google.com/site/treebasedcnn/.

## Support or Contact
For any questions, please contact Zhen Li (zh_li@hust.edu.cn), Ruqian Zhang (ruqianzhang@hust.edu.cn) and Deqing Zou (deqingzou@hust.edu.cn).
